If you're looking to improve your grades, probably the best thing that
you can dio is toe Look at your study habits and to see if there's
any way that you can improve your study habits. Um, things to look at.
Are you studying a little bit every day, or are you waiting until
you know the weekend before the test Thio start looking at the material.
Um, reviewing a little bit every day is a lot more helpful than
waiting until right before something is dio Um, meeting with your
professors and talking over the material that you don't understand can
also be a great way to improve your own understanding of the material
and thus your performance on various assessments.